Who is the current Secretary General of OIC ?
In which year did Bangladesh join UN ?
What is the tallest bird in the world, standing about 6 feet tall?
Amritsar is a holy city for the followers of which religion?
Which kind of waves are used to make and receive cell phone calls?
Which of the following gases would be most soluble in water?
Which of the following prize is known as the Nobel Prize of Mathematics?
Which of the following Bangladeshi was in the Forbes 30 under 30  Asia ?
Who wrote the famous book "War and Peace" ?
Which city is called "The Big Apple" ?
Who was the first woman to be awarded Nobel Prize ?
Which river separates Bangladesh and Myanmar?
Which of these following is also the name of a popular Microsoft program?
What is the first 1 trillion dollar company in the whole world?
Where is the Machu Picchu , one of the 7 wonders of the world situated?
What does BIOS stand for?
Where was the prestigious ACM ICPC International   Collegiate Programming Contest held in 2018?
What is Alpha Centauri?
Which actress in the 2017 film "La La Land"?
The famous broadcaster "Al Jazeera" was owned by which country?
In the popular TV series "Friends" what did Joey Tribbiani refused to share?
The term 'brown air' is used for which substance -
Who was the President of USA during the liberation war of Bangladesh?
How many Bangladeshi short films were featured at the Cannes 2018?
Popular music band One Direction started their journey from which reality show?
What is the most prestigious award in the field of Mathematics?
Who discovered New Zealand?
Which battle is known as the "Battle of the Trench" ?
"Nephelococcygia" is the practise of doing what?
Which of the following men does not have a chemical element named for him?
Which insect shorted out an early supercomputer and inspired the term "computer bug"?
Which of the following landlocked countries is entirely contained within another country?
In 1912, former US President Theodore  Roosevelt was a candidate for which political party?
What is the tallest bird in the world, standing about 6 feet tall?
According to a recent survey by Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission , what percent of total internet users of Bangladesh use mobile internet?
The Somapura Mahavihara , Paharpur was built under which empire?
Which continent is fairly cut into fairly two equal halves by the Tropic of Capricorn?
What do the boys call the terrifying, faceless creature in the famous TV series "Stranger Things"?
Which planet of the solar system was discovered by a telescope?
Someone who suffers from Nomophobia is scared of what?
How is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta better known in the music industry?
When did Bangladesh Cricket Team achieve Test Status?
What is the largest Thana of Bangladesh in terms of population?
Which revolution marked the end of Soviet era of leadership in Georgia?
Who invented the first handheld cellular mobile phone ?
In which country is it illegal to name your child Monica?
The chemical used as a fixer in phosphorous is-
Who is largely responsible for breaking the German Enigma codes, created a test that provided a foundation for artificial intelligence?
The most common format for a home video recorder is VHS. VHS stands for?
Which online firm announces a new AI Technology to fight online child sexual abuse?
Grand Central Terminal, Park Avenue, New York is the world’s –
Entomology is the science that studies
Eritrea, which became the 182nd member of the UN in 1993, is in the continent of-
Garampani sanctuary is located at
Hitler party which came into power in1933 is known as –
FFC stands for
Fastest shorthand writer was
Epsom (England) is the place associated with
First human heart transplant operation conducted by Dr. Christiaan Barnard on Louis Washkansky was conducted in
Galileo was an Italian astronomer who
Hebeas Corpus Act 1679
Exposure to sunlight helps a person improve his health because
Golf player Vijay Singh belongs to which country?
Guarantee to an exporter that the importer of his goods will pay immediately for the goods offered by him is known as
1st Afghan War took place in
Gulf cooperation council was originally formed by
First China War was fought between
Dumping is
For the Olympics and World tournaments the dimensions of the basketball court are
Federation cup, World cup, Allywyn International trophy and Challang cup are awarded to winners of
Each year World Red Cross and Red Crescent Day is celebrated on
Famous sculptures depicting art of love built some time in 950 AD – 1050 AD are
Gravity is setting chembers are used in industries to remove	
Friction can be reduced by changing from
During eleventh Antarctic Expedition in Nov. 1991/March 1992 ____ was installed.	
From the following, choose the set in which names of Secretary-Generals of the UNO are arranged in correct chronological order?	
Fire temple is the place of worship of which of the following religion?	
Germany signed the Armistice Treaty on ____ and World War I ended
During World War II, when did Germany attack France? 	
Frederick Sanger is a twice recipient of the Nobel Prize for
The ozone layer restricts
Eugenics is the study of
Euclid was
Ecology deals with
Filaria is caused by
DRDL stands for
FRS stands for
Escape velocity of a rocket fired from the earth towards the moon is a velocity to get rid of the
For safety, the fuse wire used in the mains for household supply of electricity must be made of metal having
Hamid Karzai was chosen president of Afghanistan in
Durand Cup is associated with the game of
Headquarters of UNO are situated at
First International Peace Congress was held in London in
For seeing objects at the surface of water from a submarine under water, the instrument used is
Dr. Zakir Hussain was
G-15 is an economic grouping of
Fathometer is used to measure
For galvanizing iron which of the following metals is used?
Economic goods are
For purifying drinking water alum is used
Hockey was introduced in the Asian Games in
Free market is
East Timor, which became the 191st member of the UN, is in the continent of
Excessive secretion from the pituitary gland in the children results in
In which year, terrorists crash two planes into New York's World Trade Centre on September 11 in a sequence of destruction?
In which season do we need more fat?
How many teeth does a normal adult dog have?
How many red blood cells does the bone marrow produce every second?
If speed of rotation of the earth increases, weight of the body
In a normal human being, how much time does food take to reach the end of the intestine for complete absorption?
Hundred year war was fought between
In which of the following pairs, the two substances forming the pair are chemically most dissimilar?
In cricket, a run taken when the ball passes the batsman without touching his bat or body is called	
In which year a resolution 'Uniting for Peace' was adopted by UN General Assembly?	
In which of the following organs of human body does maximum absorption of food take place?	
Human Rights Day is on	
How much of blood does the normal human heart on each of its contraction pump into the arteries?
Hygrometer is used to measure	
How many Dynes are there in 1 gram weight?
With which sport is the Jules Rimet trophy associated?


